one day all the crabs disappeared people
searched in the seas
oceans lakes rivers rainforests not a
single live
crab only old shells crabs shed or molt
several times during their life
their body keeps growing but their shell
doesn't so they throw off their old suit
and
hide they sit there in silence until
their new one grows
but why did every single crab molt on
the same day
where are they hiding six months later
sweet says an old fisherman and pulls on
his fishing rod
he's out on his boat catching fish in
the atlantic
the rod hasn't moved for an hour but now
it's latched onto something big
the fisherman pulls the rod with all his
strength
then the joy on his face turns to fear a
giant
crab claw shoots out of the water and
snips the fishing line
a second claw appears and crushes the
boat in half with one pinch
just then a cargo ship sails by and
scares the monster away
some sailors pull the fishermen on deck
and he looks down overboard
a huge crab the size of a car is
swimming around
its claw shoots out again and grubs onto
the ship's metal hull
the screeching of metal is insane the
captain signals full speed ahead
and with a jewel the crab's colossal
claw comes loose
the ship sails to the shore on a low and
mysterious tide
there's a strange vibration on shore the
sand begins to sink in on itself
and form funnels humongous crabs crawl
out
there are hundreds thousands of them and
they're all heading for the water
panic strikes and people scream and run
inland
while they flee some people video the
madness it goes viral
but they're not alone people everywhere
are coming face to face with these
monsters
no one knows what's going on crabs dig
burrows when they mold
deep down in the sand they're protected
from predators and bad weather
this time something weird happened they
hid
way deeper than ever before so they had
more time to grow
for six months they've been sitting and
waiting for their new shell to grow
now they're out and they only want one
thing
food most crabs eat fish alive
and not snails and even other crabs
anything that gets in their way
they love fights and are naturally
aggressive but now that they're massive
small shellfish and algae are just not
enough
a big fish would be delicious but they
can't catch them because
crabs don't swim well but on land
they move pretty quickly the big fish
are safe
but what about the rest of us one day
later
thousands of eyes come out of the water
like a thousand submarine periscopes
crabs have excellent vision and they can
spot a potential meal from
far away their eyes can distinguish
between houses and moving
objects cars and people
thousands of pairs of sharp snapping
claws emerge from the water
and head for the city there's chaos on
the street
crabs are running around cutting down
electric poles
overturning cars and smashing glass
everyone rushes off the street and heads
for a narrow alley
a crab cuts off their escape it eyes its
prey
but it looks like the alley is too
narrow the people are safe
not the crab turns sideways and squeezes
into the alley
it's hungry and it starts snapping its
claws they're blocked in on all sides
the crabs are everywhere the only way is
up people scramble up the fire escape to
the roof
the crabs try to follow but everything
they grab onto
trees even the metal fire escape
crutches under their enormous weight
the crabs are left looking up hungry
up on the roof people watch as crabs
destroy their city
humans hunker down in their homes but
that doesn't stop the crabs
they break down doors and walls everyone
gathers on the roofs
looking up to the sky for help
helicopters finally arrive
and evacuate the city
huge crabs bring huge problems to
christmas island
it's in the waters between indonesia and
australia
the islanders pack their bags drive to
the pier and leave the island
they're pretty scared but also a bit
confused
once the last human's gone the island
gets quiet
but there still aren't any crabs what's
going on
the sky is overcast and it starts to
rain heavily
as soon as the first drop hits the
ground a tiny vibration
shoots across the land the rain forest
in the middle of the island starts to
change shape
trees fall and the earth shakes but this
is not an earthquake
it's worse giant red crabs poke their
heads out
not hundreds not thousands but tens of
millions
these crabs migrate every year from the
rain forest to the coast of the indian
ocean to breed
even at normal size the crabs cover the
roads
they look like a long red river the
migration lasts about three weeks
but now that these crabs are so big they
cover
almost half the island they demolish
trees
cars houses everything in their path
then just like that they disappear into
the indian
ocean it looks like a typhoon swept over
the whole island
crab hunters appear all over the world
they trap the monsters and
tame them but no people don't use crabs
as pets
they sit on them and joust in the middle
ages two knights with spears would ride
on horseback
and charge at each other now there are
crab tournaments
super-sized crabs instead of horses and
claws instead of spears
the strongest crabs live on the tropical
islands in the indian and pacific oceans
coconut crabs they don't need much water
they mostly live in forests
and their claws are the strongest of any
crab
the only thing that comes close is the
awesome power of an
alligator bike try to split a coconut
you'll need a hammer maybe some other
tools these crabs do it with their claws
and that's when they were regular size
now they can chop a palm tree in two
without breaking a sweat
but there is some good news out there
japan is home to some useful crabs
spider crabs the largest in the world
their normal size is about 12
feet from claw to claw about the length
of a car
their long legs make them look like
spiders there's not a lot of animals out
there who would want to go up against
such a large crab
these new spider crabs are five stories
tall
and they take steps 10 feet long the
really cool thing is that these crabs
can live up to 100 years
even better they're not aggressive these
big
friendly giants mostly eat plants and
they're tame to ride
kind of like riding an epic sized camel
now the crabs don't have any competitors
or enemies
their population starts to explode they
take over the planet
humans are helpless their strong shells
protect them from danger
and their sharp claws mean business
cities put up gargantuan walls to
protect themselves
and scientists try desperately to figure
out a solution
crabs don't only live near the shore
they live in forests rivers
lakes almost anywhere there's moisture
it's hard enough to fend off one
giant crab let alone hundreds people
start to head for the safety of large
dry deserts it's hard to survive humans
need food and water
just like the huge crabs crabs are
taking over
everything humans don't have the
resources to stop them
it seems like all hopes lost but just
then
they remember there's no need for
scientists and inventors
there's an old fisherman's trick that
might just be the key to controlling the
crabs
it's called a crabs bucket or crab trap
if you put a bunch of crabs into one
bucket they won't be able to get out
by instinct they start to interfere with
each other
one crab climbs up but the other crabs
grab it and pull it back down
doesn't have to be a bucket the traps
can be all kinds of shapes
funnel cube even pyramid shape and
that's what people decided to do
they dig deep ditches all over the world
and line them with concrete so that the
monster crabs can't dig their way out
then they lure the crabs in with some
tasty fish and seaweed
once the crabs go in they're trapped for
good
victory and soon down at supermarkets
all over the world there's a special
sale on fresh crab
hey don't forget the seafood sauce